devicetoken Length Updates (#4470)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/authn/index.md

The context object allows [trusted web applications](#trusted-application) such as an external portal to pass additional context for the authentication or recovery transaction.

| Property    | Description                                                                   | DataType | Nullable | Unique | Readonly | MaxLength |
| ----------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | -------- | ------ | -------- | --------- |
| deviceToken | A globally unique ID (without hyphens) identifying the user's client device or user agent | String   | TRUE     | FALSE  | FALSE    | 32          |

> > **Caution:** The `deviceToken` parameter isn't shared between the Authentication API and the Okta Identity Engine-specific APIs. See [Upgrade to Okta Identity Engine](https://developer.okta.com/docs/guides/oie-upgrade-overview/main/).> **Caution:** The `deviceToken` parameter isn't shared between the Authentication API and the Okta Identity Engine-specific APIs. See [Upgrade to Okta Identity Engine](https://developer.okta.com/docs/guides/oie-upgrade-overview/main/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Caution:** The `deviceToken` parameter isn't shared between the Authentication API and the Okta Identity Engine-specific APIs. See [Upgrade to Okta Identity Engine](https://developer.okta.com/docs/guides/oie-upgrade-overview/main/).
```

Reviewer: I think you duplicated the entry?

> **Note:**
>

> > * Overriding context, such as `deviceToken`, is a highly privileged operation limited to trusted web applications. This requires the application to make authentication or recovery requests with a valid administrator API token. If an API token isn't provided, the `deviceToken` is ignored.

Reviewer: Could use 'using' instead of 'with', but 'with' is fine

Author: Slightly reworded.

>
> * Authentication requests that include a Factor challenge with a per-device or per-session sign-on policy must always include the same `deviceToken` for the user. If the `deviceToken` is absent or doesn’t match the previous `deviceToken`, Okta issues a challenge with every authentication attempt.
>

> > * Authentication requests to Orgs with the **New Device Behavior Detection** sign-on policymust always include the same `deviceToken` for a user. If the `deviceToken` is absent or doesn't match a recent `deviceToken` for the user, the request is considered to be from a new device. See [New Device Behavior Detection](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext_proc_security_behavior_detection).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * Authentication requests to Orgs with the **New Device Behavior Detection** sign-on policy must always include the same `deviceToken` for a user. If the `deviceToken` is absent or doesn't match a recent `deviceToken` for the user, the request is considered to be from a new device. See [New Device Behavior Detection](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext_proc_security_behavior_detection).
```

Reviewer: Added space
